{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f17\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f18\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f20\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f21\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f22\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f29\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f30\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f32\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f33\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f34\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f113\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f114\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f116\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f117\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}
{\f118\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*
\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid143399850{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\fbias0 \fi-360\li2520\jclisttab\tx2520 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li3240\jclisttab\tx3240 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li3960\jclisttab\tx3960 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li4680\jclisttab\tx4680 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li5400\jclisttab\tx5400 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li6120\jclisttab\tx6120 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li6840\jclisttab\tx6840 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li7560\jclisttab\tx7560 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li8280\jclisttab\tx8280 }{\listname ;}\listid1665278496}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1665278496\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\info{\title TabDock Control Revisions}{\author Neal Rushforth}
{\operator rushfn}{\creatim\yr2003\mo5\dy1\hr21\min53}{\revtim\yr2003\mo5\dy8\hr10\min26}{\version7}{\edmins14}{\nofpages4}{\nofwords1501}{\nofchars8561}{\*\company Samantha Jane Rushforth}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \lang2057\cgrid {\f16\fs20\cf6\lang1046 TabDock Control Revisions
\par }{\f16\fs18\cf15\lang1046 Revision 2 (October, 2001)
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\cf1\lang1046 Always check this document in order to get information about changes made to this control.
\par Some modifications were sent to me by other authors. 
\par }{\f16\fs20\lang1046 
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 Revisions
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Date\tab \tab Author\tab Description}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/01/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added Style property.
\par 05/06/2000\tab MVS\tab - Cleaned up doc.
\par 05/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.0}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/10/2000\tab MVS\tab - Docking, moving, resizing reformulated
\par \tab \tab \tab - Created method "TabDock.Show()" to display 
\par \tab \tab \tab   the system panels and forms.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Created Properties "PanelWidth" and "PanelHeight"
\par \tab \tab \tab - MDI child support not available yet.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Top Panel coming first then a  toolbar in a form was fixed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Bottom Panel after the statusbar in a form was fixed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.1}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 05/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Minor doc changes
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.2}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 06/01/2000\tab MVS\tab - Support for MDI forms
\par \tab \tab \tab - Double Clicking caption bar dock/undock the form
\par \tab \tab \tab - Converted TabDockHost from Control to Class module
\par 06/05/2000\tab TED\tab - No need to uncheck the "remove unused ActiveX..." 
\par \tab \tab \tab   from project's MAKE TAB properties (Thanks Ted Dolson!)
\par \tab \tab \tab - Host now is a PictureBox that is loaded at run-time by the 
\par \tab \tab \tab   TabDock.LoadControl() Private Method
\par 06/12/2000\tab BOH\tab - Style Property is now working fine
\par \tab \tab \tab - changing docked/undocked form's caption restore the sysmenu 
\par \tab \tab \tab   was fixed (Thanks BobHoh!)
\par 06/13/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added several error handlers to prevent VB crashes
\par 06/15/2000\tab MVS\tab - Close button now hides de form
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added FormHide() and FormShow() Events. They are fired 
\par \tab \tab \tab   when the DockedForm Hides or Shows up
\par 06/23/2000\tab MVS\tab - PopupMenu when a user right-click the form caption bar 
\par \tab \tab \tab   showing dockable and hide options
\par \tab \tab \tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.3}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 07/15/2000\tab MVS\tab - Restricted host resizing over opposite hosts
\par 08/02/2000\tab MRY\tab - Fixed auto form arranging during horizontal splitting (Thanks Mary AH)
\par 08/10/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed flickering when docking into an invisible host (run-time)
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created Styles enumeration to override constant module values in demo project
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - ATTENTION! Changed states names docked/undocked to tdDocked/tdUndocked
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created Align properties for future purposes, do not use vb align properties \tab \tab \tab   (vbAlignLeft...)
\par 08/17/2000\tab MVS\tab - Reduced splitting area between forms and sizing grips}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/20/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed popup context menu. Added MouseUp/Down events}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/20/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed direct object storage from TDockForm and TTabDockHost.
\par \tab \tab \tab   I'm using a Slimy Hack instead through ObjectFromPtr() and PtrFromObject() properties.
\par \tab \tab \tab   This was extracted from vbaccelerator website on subclassing articles.
\par 08/23/2000\tab MVS\tab - Closing form by close button is working fine}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 08/27/2000     \tab MVS      - ATTENTION! Changed TTabDock.Add() method to TTabDock.AddForm() method.
\par 08/27/2000      \tab MVS      - Executable program GPF error was fixed. (Good, very good!). Thanks to \tab \tab \tab   vbaccelarator.com articles!
\par 08/27/2000      \tab MVS      - Added a Resource file (TabDock.RES) for holding custom splitting cursors and other stuff.
\par 08/28/2000\tab MVS\tab - Cleaned up doc
\par 08/30/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.4}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 09/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - Replaced form transparency for border wrapping (faster). Thanks linda \tab \tab \tab   (linda.69@mailcity.com) 
\par 09/09/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added "Style" property [tdStandard, tdFlat].
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added "PanelResize()" event, raised when the user resizes a specific panel
\par 09/27/2000\tab MVS\tab - Fixed panel visibility (visible property) when contained docked forms are invisible
\par 09/27/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added popup context menu with [Dockable, Hide] items
\par \tab \tab \tab - Changed "TabDock.Hosts" property to "TabDock.Panels"}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 \tab \tab \tab - Created "TMenuItem" and "TMenuItems" classes and TabDock.AddMenu() method to \tab \tab \tab   handle user defined context menu items
\par \tab \tab \tab - Added "TabDock.Visible" property that hide/show the panel system}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 \tab \tab \tab - Added "TabDockHost.Resizable" property that allow panel/forms resizing or not}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 10/06/2000\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.5}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 10/07/2000\tab MVS\tab - Created "tdShowInvisible" style which allow the docked form to be invisible after \tab \tab \tab   TabDock.Show() method is executed.
\par \tab \tab \tab - Cleaned up doc
\par 15/10/2000       \tab MVS\tab - Added Border style property with 11 styles to choose from and enhance docking \tab \tab \tab   appearance
\par 17/11/2000\tab MVS\tab - Rebuild class cSplitDDC from Steve McMahon (vbaccelarator) to accomplish specific \tab \tab \tab   needs
\par 20/11/2000  \tab MVS\tab - Created a friend Method TriggerEvent() that is responsible for handling all TabDock \tab \tab \tab   events. This replaces several Friend proc to raise user events. 
\par 22/11/2000\tab MVS\tab - Added to form border wrapping, DraEdge()  API for handling BorderStyle property
\par 25/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Merry Christmas ;)
\par 29/12/2000\tab MVS\tab - Removed the popup context menu handler. If you want a popup menu just control it by \tab \tab \tab   by using the CaptionClick() Event added to the control
\par 01/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Happy New Year
\par 01/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Fix for vertical splitting cursor clipping area   }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 10/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Fixed ResetStyle Method  to avoid the docked form to be resizable (WS_THICKFRAME)}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 14/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - Created a HTML help file (.CHM) using HelpBuilder soon available for download at planet-source}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 14/01/2001\tab MVS\tab - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Released version 1.6
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 20/09/2001\tab ACK\tab - Fixed some bugs
\par 19/10/2001\tab ACK\tab - Added in the persistant property. Will now store previous layout for you.
\par 19/10/2001\tab ACK\tab - Configured it so it will appear the parent window has not lost focus when a
\par \tab \tab \tab   docked window has focus.
\par 
\par 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Added new property to TabDock Control - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 CaptionStyle}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par \tab \tab \tab   allows customised CaptionStyle of docked windows ranging from Visual C++  
\par                                       to Gradients. 
\par 
\par                                       Supported }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 CaptionStyles}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 
\par                                       tdCaptionNormal = 0
\par                                       tdCaptionEtched = 1
\par                                       tdCaptionSoft = 2
\par                                       tdCaptionRaised = 3
\par                                       tdCaptionRaisedInner = 4
\par                                       tdCaptionSunkenOuter = 5
\par                                       tdCaptionSunken = 6
\par                                       tdCaptionSingleRaisedBar = 7
\par                                       tdCaptionGradient = 8
\par 
\par 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - New property added to TabDock.AddForm command - }{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Percent}{\f16\fs16\lang1046  (Optional)
\par \tab \tab \tab   allows a percentage to be applied to a docked form to determine how much                   
\par                                       of the panel it will occupy.
\par                                       New syntax -
\par }\pard \sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046  object.AddForm (Item As Object, [State As tdDockedState, [Align As tdAlignProperty, [Key As String, [Style As tdDockStyles, [}{\b\f16\fs16\lang1046 Percent as Long}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
]]]]]) (if no Percent is given the default is 10)
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 12/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Changed Toolbox bitmap and Custom Control Bitmap (appears on Form)
\par 15/11/2001\tab NR\tab - Changed the way windows dock in the top and bottom Panels. Windows now
\par \tab \tab \tab   Dock next to each other as opposed to on top of each other. Resizing of these
\par \tab \tab \tab   Windows has also been adjusted to allow for this change. 
\par 2002-2003\tab NR\tab - Various changes, these include
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - Caption bars for top and bottom docked forms are now drawn on the left as opposed above the form
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - New caption styles including OfficeXP
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 - New button added to captionbar. Maximize. This allows all docked forms in a   panel to me collapsed and the form you click the button on to be maxmized to   full size.
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\lang1046\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li2520\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520\ls1\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 Undocked forms were unable to be resized. Bug fixed.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 2002-2003          GN\tab - Various Changes - Including
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\lang1046\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li2520\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520\ls1\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 Updated Splitter Bar 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\lang1046\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}New Properties : HasClose Button And HasMaxButton}{
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\lang1046\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Disabling Of Close Button When Floating(When The HasCloseButton is Set To False)}{
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\lang1046\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Max Button Disables When There\rquote s  Only One Form In The Panel}{
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}{\f16\fs16 Bug Fixed \endash  Caption Bar Styles 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}Flickering When You Activate A Panel Is Now Sorted}{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 10/04/2003\tab NR\tab - AutoExpand property added.
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 
Double click in the splitter area of a panel and the panel will be collapsed. Move the mouse to the edge where the panel has collapsed and it will expand automatically if the AutoExpand property is true, otherwise a double click will expand the panel

\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 11/04/2003\tab NR\tab - AutoCollapseLeft, AutoCollapseRight, AutoCollapseTop, AutoCollapseBottom 
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 properties added.
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 CollapseInterval property added.
\par AutoCollapse and CollapseInterval allow for panels to be auto hidden if they are not in use for the specified interval. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 14/04/2003\tab GN\tab - AutoShowCaptionOnCollapse - Displays Panel Form Captions When
\par \tab \tab \tab Collapsed
\par 25/04/2003\tab NR\tab - Fixed Focus Bug
\par \tab \tab \tab - Fixed Drawing of captions on collapsed panels if Palette title font is > 10 point
\par \tab \tab \tab - Fixed Panels Visible property for collapsed/expanded panels
\par 28/04/2003\tab NR\tab - Added new function DockChange this allows docked forms to be moved from 
\par \tab \tab \tab one panel to the other
\par \tab \tab \tab syntax DockChange formName,alignPanel e.g DockChange \ldblquote Form1\rdblquote ,tdAlignLeft
\par \tab \tab GN\tab - Added Smart Resizing \endash  Reduces Screen Flicker To A Minimum And Looks 
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 Much Better To The Eye
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 - Repainting Of Collapsed Panels Is Now Sorted
\par - Fixed Collapsed Panel Painting When The Floating Form Was Closed Now Refreshed Correctly
\par - Added Sizing Call \endash  Panels Won\rquote t Collapse When Sizing is Initiated
\par - Panels Now AutoExpand If A Dragged Form Is Over It!
\par - Close And Max Buttons Now Repositioned Properly
\par - Captions Repositioned
\par {\listtext\pard\plain\f16\fs16\cgrid \hich\af16\dbch\af0\loch\f16 -\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li2520\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520\ls1\adjustright {\f16\fs16 Panels Won\rquote t Collapse When Splitting Is Taken Place.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 29/04/2003\tab GN\tab - Added VS.Net Caption Style
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 - Added Smart Resizing on UnDocked Forms
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 30/04/2003\tab GN\tab - Updated VS.Net Caption Style \endash  Draw Caption Buttons on Hover Now Fixed
\par 01/05/2003\tab NR\tab - Fixed a couple of bugs with VS.Net style on redrawing of undocked border
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 - Also fixed drawing of text for OfficeXP and VS.Net docked forms.
\par - Fixed drawing of disabled maximize button for Vs.Net as it didn\rquote t appear on Windows Me.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 
\par 02/05/2003\tab GN \tab - Panels Will Only Resize When The Splitter Positions Are Actually 
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 Moved. (Disabling Flicker)
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 05/05/2003\tab GN\tab - Added Panel Sizing And Panel Docked Form Sizing Property\line \tab \tab \tab Sorted The Hover Buttons For VSNet (Now Displays Hover Box)
\par 07/05/2003\tab NR\tab - Fixed a couple of bugs with drawing of collapsed panels\tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab - changed VSNET collapsed drawing style
\par \tab \tab \tab - Fixed redrawing of forms bug introduced by subclassing WM_NCPAINT for 
\par }\pard \li2160\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16 VSNET style borders on undocked windows}{
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par 
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 Contact the author...
\par 
\par Author of Mods:
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Ackbar
\par }{\f16\fs16\ul\cf2\lang1046 Ackbar81@hotmail.com <mailto:Ackbar81@hotmail.com>}{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par http://acksoft.hypermart.net
\par 
\par Neal Rushforth (NR)
\par neal.rushforth@blueyonder.co.uk}{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 
\par 
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 Gary Noble (GN)
\par }{\b\f16\fs16\cf9\lang1046 gwnoble@msn.com
\par }{\f16\fs16\lang1046 
\par Marclei V Silva
\par marclei@spnorte.com
\par S\'e3o Paulo - Brazil
\par http://www.spnorte.com
\par 
\par January, 2001
\par }{\f16\fs20\ul\lang1046 
\par }}